Add new installer docs (#1224)
kubeshop/tracetest: docs/installing.md

# Installation

> ## TL;DR

Reviewer: Not sure what this is so I just wanted to check that it is what you want the heading to say.

Author: Yes, it's short for "Too Long;Didn't Read": https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/TL%3BDR
Very common in docs to show a quick copy/paste cmd without getting into the details

Install the CLI and use it to setup a server:

```
$ curl -L https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kubeshop/tracetest/main/install-cli.sh | sh
$ tracetest server install

# Follow the install wizard
```

## How it works

> Tracetest is a relatively complex system, with a few intercontected dependencies. It relies on a Postgres database, a Data Store to retrive your application's traces,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tracetest is a relatively complex system, with a few interconnected dependencies. It relies on a Postgres database, a Data Store to retrieve your application's traces
```

> on the OpenTelemetry Collector connected to the Data Store, etc. If you are new to the tracing world, it might be overwhelming, and a bit tricky to connect everything togheter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on the OpenTelemetry Collector connected to the Data Store, etc. If you are new to the tracing world, it might be overwhelming and a bit tricky to connect everything together.
```

> Our CLI offers an install "wizard" that helps you with the process. You can use it to install it locally using docker compose, or to a local or remote Kubernetes cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our CLI offers an **install wizard** that helps with the process. Use it to install locally using Docker Compose or to a local or remote Kubernetes cluster.
```

> It installs all the tools required to set up the desired environment, and creates all the configurations, tailored to your case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It installs all the tools required to set up the desired environment and creates all the configurations, tailored to your case.
```

### Windows
Download one of the files from the latest tag, extract to your machine, and then [add the tracetest binary to your PATH variable](https://stackoverflow.com/a/41895179)

> ## Server deployments

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Server Deployments
```

### Docker Compose

> You can run Tracetest locally using docker compose. This setup is great for a development environment. In this form, tracetest runs in parallel to your dockerized application,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can run Tracetest locally using Docker Compose. This setup is great for a development environment. In this form, Tracetest runs in parallel to your Dockerized application,
```

allowing you to interact with your app and its traces, create and run tests over them, etc.

![Installer using docker compose](img/installer/1_docker-compose_0.7.0.png)

**Tools required (installed if missing)**:
- Docker
- Docker Compose

**Requirements**:
- Jaeger or other compatible backend. If you don't have one, the installer will help you configuring it

> - OpenTelemetry Collector. If you don't have one, the installer will help you configuring it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- OpenTelemetry Collector. If missing, the installer will help you configure one.
```

> - A `docker-compose.yaml` (configurable) file in the project directory. If you don't have one, the installer will create an empty file for you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A `docker-compose.yaml` (configurable) file in the project directory. If missing, the installer will create an empty file.
```

**Optionals**:
- [PokeShop demo app](https://github.com/kubeshop/pokeshop/)

**Result**:

> - `tracetest/` directory (configurable) with a `docker-compose.yaml` and other config files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `tracetest/` directory (configurable) with a `docker-compose.yaml` and other config files.
```

> - [Jager](https://www.jaegertracing.io/) instance, if selected

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Jaeger](https://www.jaegertracing.io/) instance, if selected.
```

> - [OpenTelemetry Collector](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/collector/), if selected

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [OpenTelemetry Collector](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/collector/), if selected.
```

> - [PokeShop demo app](https://github.com/kubeshop/pokeshop/), if selected

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [PokeShop demo app](https://github.com/kubeshop/pokeshop/), if selected.
```

### Kubernetes

You can run Tracetest in a Kubernetes cluster. This setup is ideal for a CI/CD environment, QA teams working on shared environments, etc.

> You can use a remote or local (minikube, etc) cluster. We'll even help you setup a local cluster if you need one

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use a remote or local (minikube, etc) cluster. We'll even help you setup a local cluster, if you need one.
```

![Installer using Kubernetes](img/installer/1_kubernetes_0.7.0.png)

**Tools required (installed if missing)**:
- kubectl
- helm

> If you selected to run locally, and want the installer to set up [minikube](https://minikube.sigs.k8s.io/docs/) for you:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you selected to run locally and want the installer to set up [minikube](https://minikube.sigs.k8s.io/docs/) for you:
```

- Docker

**Requirements**:

> - Jaeger or other compatible backend. If you don't have one, the installer will help you configuring it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Jaeger or other compatible backend. If missing, the installer will help you configure one.
```

> - OpenTelemetry Collector. If you don't have one, the installer will help you configuring it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- OpenTelemetry Collector. If missing, the installer will help you configure one.
```

**Optionals**:
- [PokeShop demo app](https://github.com/kubeshop/pokeshop/)

**Result**:

> - `tracetest` helm chart deployed in the `tracetest` (configurable) namespace

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `tracetest` helm chart deployed in the `tracetest` (configurable) namespace.
```

- [Jager](https://www.jaegertracing.io/) instance deployed in the `tracetest` namespace, if selected
- [Cert Manager](https://cert-manager.io/), if selected

> - [Jaeger Operator](https://www.jaegertracing.io/docs/latest/operator/), if selected

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Jaeger Operator](https://www.jaegertracing.io/docs/latest/operator/), if selected.
```

> - [OpenTelemetry Collector](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/collector/) deployed in the `tracetest` (configurable) namespace, if selected

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [OpenTelemetry Collector](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/collector/) deployed in the `tracetest` (configurable) namespace, if selected.
```
